Documentation updates (#2056)
ROCm/Tensile: docs/src/conceptual/solution-selection-catalogs.rst

.. _solution-selection-catalogs:

**************************************

> Tensile's solution selection catalogs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tensile solution selection catalogs
```

Reviewer: don't make product names possessive

**************************************

> To avoid the overhead associated with loading code object files including initialization time and the memory footprint of the loaded code object files,
> Tensile provides a mechanism to load only a subset of the code object files produced during a build, at runtime.
> To achieve this, it must be determined which code object file to load.
> To determine the preferred kernel and the code object file containing the selected kernel,
> the ``TensileHost`` library utilizes a process named `Solution selection`.
> This process uses a hierarchical structure to efficiently search for kernels based on hardware, problem size, and transpose, among others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid the overhead associated with loading code object files, including initialization time and the memory footprint of the loaded code object files,
Tensile provides a mechanism to load only a subset of the code object files produced during a build at runtime.
To achieve this, it must be determined which code object file to load.
To determine the preferred kernel and the code object file containing the selected kernel,
the ``TensileHost`` library utilizes `Solution selection` process.
This process uses a hierarchical structure to efficiently search for kernels based on hardware, problem size, and transpose.
```

Author: The search for kernel is based not only on hardware, problem size and transpose ,hence I think we should mention "among others".

For efficient lookup at runtime, the kernel metadata must be organized in a hierarchical schema in a serialized file named `solution selection catalog` [1]_.

.. note::
    This document refers to the catalog files with .yaml extension. In practice,
    solution selection catalogs are usually serialized with `MessagePack <https://msgpack.org/>`_, which uses the .dat extension.

Solution selection catalog hierarchy
=====================================

.. figure:: ../../assets/msl.svg
    :alt: Master Solution Library hierarchy
    :align: center

>     Solution selection catalog heirarchy for gfx900 and gfx90a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Solution selection catalog hierarchy for gfx900 and gfx90a
```

Author: The solution selection catalog is general irrespective of architecture. As an example, gfx900 and 90a are used in the image. Hence, I don't think its a great idea to add the architectures to the heading.

Author: Yes, we already have "gfx900" and gfx90a in the image caption. I too prefer not to mention it in the heading.

.. note::

  In the figure, the levels are numbered from top to bottom.

**Level 1: Hardware**

At runtime, only kernels compatible with the device can execute. As such, the top level of the hierarchy involves hardware comparisons using GFX architecture.

**Level 2: Operation**

This layer is a mapping between a GEMM transpose setting defined using
Einstein tensor notation (such as *Contraction_l_Alik_Bjlk_Cijk_Dijk*) and a list of problem properties.

**Level 3: Problem**

This layer matches against specific problem properties such as input and output types, and features like high precision accumulation and stochastic rounding.

**Level 4: Exact solution**

> Finally, exact solutions contain fine-grained details about each solution that can be used during solution selection to locate the best kernel along with ensuring the fulfillment of the requested problem predicates. Each kernel has an index and a performance ranking. During solution selection, the highest ranked
> kernel from this pool is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, exact solutions contain fine-grained details about each solution that can be used during solution selection to locate the best kernel and ensure the fulfillment of the requested problem predicates. Each kernel has an index and a performance ranking. During solution selection, the highest-ranked
kernel from this pool is selected.
```

Build modes
===========

> Tensile is equipped with multiple build modes that affect the way solution selection catalogs are generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tensile is equipped with multiple build modes that affect how solution selection catalogs are generated.
```

Mode 1: Lazy library loading
----------------------------

If ``--lazy-library-loading`` is enabled, then the following `parent` catalog is generated for each architecture:

.. centered:: TensileLibrary_lazy_<gfx>.yaml

> This parent catalog contains a reference to each of it's `child` catalogs without the details about the exact solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parent catalog contains a reference to each of its `child` catalogs without the details about the exact solutions.
```

These settings are present in the `child` catalogs, which use the following naming convention:

.. centered:: TensileLibrary_Type_<precision>_<problem type>_<gfx>.yaml

In the preceding naming convention:

- <precision>: Data type

> - <problem type>: GEMM type including transpose and accumulate settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <problem type>: GEMM type, including transpose and accumulate settings
```

- <gfx>: Hardware GFX architecture

> For example, *TensileLibrary_Type_HH_Contraction_l_Alik_Bjlk_Cijk_Dijk_<gfx>.yaml* identifies a code object library for half precision

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, *TensileLibrary_Type_HH_Contraction_l_Alik_Bjlk_Cijk_Dijk_<gfx>.yaml* identifies a code object library for half-precision
```

contractions on two transpose matrices, otherwise known as HGEMM TT.

> In this way, the child catalogs contain the solution metadata, while the parent catalog is responsible for organizing the child catalogs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this way, the child catalogs contain the solution metadata, while the parent catalog organizes the child catalogs
```

>     type: Hardware                                           # [_A]

Author: @bstefanuk Should I remove underscore from _A, _B ..etc.? The reference given below has no underscore.
